I Called ice on someone today
---
I Called ice on someone today 
I don’t think he was even illegal tbh 
But he was driving one of those jeeps with all those ducks in the dashboard 
And I need those people out of my country 

The guy who invented air conditioning really doesn’t get enough credit, I mean he literally created the entire female work force. 

You guys remember sucking on your mom’s tits as a baby? No? Well she does, she remembers you sucking all over those bad boys. Idk Just something to keep in mind 

They say the most important thing in a relationship with people you love is a healthy and frequent sex life. But I disagree, in fact now things have never been worse between me and Reece 

Me and Reece used to live in Oregon together when we were working on weed farms and there is this grocery store called winco that was awesome. They had this bulk foods section and Reece used to get pounds cashews and then ring them up at the self check out section and mark them as peanuts . he ended up only paying like 2 dollars for all those cashews. Crazy right, I mean I’ve never seen him pay money to get nuts in his mouth before

I keep not being able to seal a ziplock bag on the first try…. And I’m being to suspect the Jews 

Speaking of Jews I actually grew up as a kid on Epsteins island, yea yea my parents were landscaper. I know what your thinking but I actually had a great child hood, growing up there was awesome, I always had a ton of kids my age to play with and I got to meet a ton a famous people

Black people love talking about reparations, which is weird you know, you think they would just be happy with the fact that the weren’t born in Africa. I mean they don’t have unemployment checks and EBT over there 

I discovered I have a few super powers, yea it’s true: I can’t make it rain, all I have to do is leave my car windows down and suddenly it starts pouring my other super power is being able to summon someone who’s opinion of me matter alot. All I have to do is fart when I think I’m in the clear and sure enough, some one i respect comes walking in

No but in all seriousness I could never be a super hero, I’m to much of a messy eater. there would be a orphanage on fire and I would be walking out the door and would look down and notice all the food stains on my super suit. My arch nemesis would be door dash and eating in bed




