I was going to the gym a few years ago, and I as walking in and I…
---

I was going to the gym a few years ago, and I as walking in and I walked by like 10 handicapped spots right by the door and I was very confused. I mean there at the gym…. They are here to exercise, put those spots in the back and let them get there steps in

Walk out of line saying I just shit my pants

There's a baby down there

I like pretending to be fighting gay urges when I’m in the bathroom 

Pretending to leave baby in back of car

 No cameras in prison showers is crazy, what is the reasoning behind that? I bet if they put that up to a vote the prisoners would all vote to have the most amount of cameras in there

If Sunglasses glasses didn’t look so cool then drug use would have never been so popular

Envious of pre modern inventors , had it so easy, it took someone 4 thousand years to add two more prongs to a farming plow

I have super powers I can make it rain just by leaving my car windows down.

And I can summon people I respect and care about their opinion of me almost immediately just by farting when I’m alone in a room

The only time I feel the struggles of being black is when I walk into and elevator that some must have just farted in.

Because when the next person comes in that elevator there is no way I am being judged fairly, I am immediately guilty no matter how much the dna says otherwise 

If I was a super hero my archnemises would be stains on my super suit.

Well…. I mean … I can’t leave the house like this…

I’ve always wanted to start a church just so I could have a massive statue of a naked super ripped Jesus with just an incredibly large dick hanging on a cross at the front of the church

It would be so fun when people asked about it so I could just pretend I didn’t understand what they were so upset about 

Like what’s the problem… oh the dick?he’s the son of god, you think he wasn’t packing major heat? Plus he was black… and if you don’t think so then why was he always hanging out with criminals and married a prostitute?

I hate that people with kids can’t take advice on how to raise kids, they always say “you don’t have kids so you don’t understand” 