PRQ Improvement ideas
---
PRQ Improvement ideas

Graph for cost of roofs, Graph for deductible rates, Graph of premium raises as a tool to show homeowners why it makes sense to get the roof done now instead of later
Personalized less formal email sequences. Ones that come from reps email and ones more formal that come from the PRQ email.
Loaded FB account for new hires with PRQ pictures and Templates for referrals posts with specific links so we can track the referrals easily.
New addition to the script for post claim call close using the claim card as the perfect segway into the contract ask.
Common text message effective templates for new hires for very common steps and situations 
Common objections and ways to handle them based on certain situations reference file or document for new hires. Either to prepare them or to reference in the field
Print out Adam Bensman daily and weekly goal trackers, laminate them and give them out to new hires with expos so they can have a tool to track themselves and their progress besides the accountability posts. 
Create more boiled down list of helpful videos to watch for new reps because Adam bensmans academy is full of useless videos and makes it hard to find the gold in there
Book list for new hires, and for new sales coaches, potentially books for every level of advancement 
Email filter template to help new reps organize their emails faster and better
Make roof inspection SOP
Script for setting expectations about the next steps in the process. Like possible denials and ext.
Post job complete email and text sequence asking for referrals that live in a list of hail impacted areas.
Script for the pitch for referrals and reviews after a no damage inspection 
Make a numbered list of the top ten most common objections so they are more easily tracked by just using the corresponding numbers and use them as a new data source for evaluating territory quality and reps sales abilities. 
Seasonal/Situational opening pitches that can be practiced for changes throughout the year as things change. New pain points and opportunities to focus on during your door knocking pitch
Territory Scouting SOP. Potentially even a screen recording video example to show the best ways to do on your computer before you do it in the field 
Insurance and roofing process general information packet for new reps so they minimize their lack of understanding period to help them close more deals in the early stages possibly lost to lack of understanding.
How to properly knock doors to ensure the highest rate of people answering. The knock then ring technique 
SOP for identifying people home and older roofs
Role playing not just objection handling but also the best ways to explain things to customers
Explain how to handle contract objections well
How to show photos 

