It’s good to be back here at emmets, my favorite thing about this…
---


It’s good to be back here at emmets, my favorite thing about this place is the coat hanger in the men’s bathroom , with the type of women that frequent this bar I’m betting their favorite part is also the wire hangers in the girls bathroom 

People think I don’t like gay people but that’s not true, I’ve actually have had a questionable amount of gay best friends in my life. But they are just normal friendships, the only difference between straight gay relationships is that when I call Reece a fagot we just kiss and make up afterwards 

No but seriously I have no or with gay people, I  don’t dislike women either contrary to popular belief, I just like women that act like women. It like imagine if I like watermelon and someone was like here have this watermelon, then they just handed me a raging bitch instead. I mean…. I’d eat it… but I wouldn’t respect it aftewards

If web md was a gambler they would be losing bad by now, I mean the amount of times they told me I was dying or gay

I keep not being able to seal a ziplock bag on the first try…. I’m being to suspect the Jews 

Speaking of Jews I actually grew up as a kid on Epsteins island, yea yea my parents were landscaper. What was great about growing up there is that I had a ton of other kids to play with on the island. It was great when I was younger but as I got older there was less and less kids my age

 










You ever see those cars that are just covered in bumper stickers yea I like to put other bumper stickers on those cars because I mean they will never notice it. So I always keep bumper stickers in my car when the moment strikes. For example my dog loooovveeeess pennut butter number sticker, I mean 6 million seems like a lot

You see someone at a bar guy you follow him into the bathroom and if he goes into a stall, you start talking you start pretending that you’re fighting gay urges and as you’re fighting gay as you’re doing it loudly in front.

Pretending to have shit your pants if I want to leave a line

I like to learn the name of the manager of a haunted house so I can walk around and act like I was sent by the manager to do quality control on the actors

I also like to pretend to be mute when I am out alone to dinner then when I check comes I answer the phone

I also like to travel a lot to south and Central America and one of my favorite things to do as I visit these incredible ascent wonders that are truly impressive is as they talk about it is to just continue to act amazed at how impressive the 50 Spanish guys must have been to have conquered they incredible people that built these structures with only 50 people. I mean that’s really impressive 

















Zero women have been found dead from auto erotic exfixeation, so relax with the “woman are just as horny as men” bullshit, either take the L or get those numbers up if you want to compete with the big dogs



