Idk if you can tell by my outfit but I am a big advocate of keeping…
---


Idk if you can tell by my outfit but I am a big advocate of keeping women out of the workplace and as a business owner myself I refuse to hire women.

It isn’t because I think they would be happier at home with children or because theyre terrible workers. I do think those things but that’s not my main reason.

No the real reason is very simple, I just like to actually have fun at work. 

And woman hate men having fun so much that they have taken their terrorist moto of “happy life happy wife” to the workforce and I refuse to let them cuckhold me and make me a hostage in my own company scared that my female al quida employees don’t behead me in the name of equality.

I have only male employees so I save money by not having an hr department or having to keep lawyers on retention.

sexually assaulting each other is basically 90% of all our internal communications and somehow nobody has filled any complaints.

Me and Reece just spent 3 hours in a car brutally bullying Zach until he went into a coma. In fact he is currently still in that verbal abuse coma right now in the back of the black Subaru that’s parked outside.

And when he wakes up I gruntee he won’t be filing a complaint against us for excessive horse play.

 HR is always Karren with a clip board and never Kyle with a bud light 

In all fairness the HR department is actually an incredibly impressive feat of female achievement and male subjugation. 

They literally created a career for women as a result of women having careers, 

Then proceeded make every business owner need to pay that woman a full salary to make sure non of the other women he didnt want to hire don’t fucking sue him and make him sell the business.

HR is the corporate version of forcing a husband to have to build him self a safe space man cave in the home that he paid for then taking half of everything because “he never spent time with you anymore”.

But really I blame this all on Willis Carrier, the inventor of air conditioning. His invention literally created the entire female workforce and I personally 

If you don’t believe me then just look at who isn’t having fun right now, (look at the woman in crowd) case in point.

