Jokes
---
Jokes


vibrators put guys out of a job my friend built a machine and I was confused girls that use vibrators. I can’t have sex with because girls you know dicks don’t vibrate. It’d be like guy saying they can’t come because the pussy isn’t 18 years old and nice to them imagine that

When I was 27 I almost had sex with an 18-year-old but when I put my fingers inside of her, it was like shocking and disorienting at how tight her vagina was that I knew if I went down that road, every other person I slept with would just not make me come, and that was a dangerous aspect

Have you ever seen somebody so ugly that it touches your soul I was in Walmart and I saw this woman who made me have like a moment in time where I felt like I was watching like one of those Sarah McLachlan arms of an angel commercials for a human in real life like it was fucked up actually how ugly this woman was, and it made me extremely sad because she was a woman also and like at least guys can be ugly and then still have like some use to society you know they at least can be intelligent and like capable and useful but like when a woman is that ugly it’s really like you’re fucked like you’re actually so fucked and that just produced the most amount of sympathy from me but

I took a shit the other day that was so big that it was like a life moment for me. I was like in the bathtub and I like turned into fucking Goku dropping a fucking spirit bomb and the only thing I thought was this is absolutely a combined punishment from all the girls I have fucked in the ass. This was like the ghost of girlfriend’s past taking revenge on my ass. I mean this shit was massive. It was a it was a defining moment in my life. It was an ordeal that I triumph over.

Does anybody else not like it when their friend talks about having sex with their girlfriend or like doing the sexual acts with their girlfriend because it’s like bro I know her she’s like a real human being to me and I don’t know if anybody else is like this, but like the second they say that the next time I see them that is all I’m thinking about and I don’t want to be thinking about that because that’s not appropriate and it’s not my girlfriend. it’s your girlfriend why do you want me to think about your girlfriend slobbering on my cock you know she seems strange. Don’t put those thoughts in my head please. It’s already hard enough for me to not think about fucking your girlfriend. I don’t need you making it even more tempting of an idea.

Having the more hoes, you have the less attractive, the girls are, and I can prove it

I used to be attractive. I used to be very attractive and I have the data to approve it now the only time girls you girls used to look at me when I walked into a room and now the only time girls look at me is when I try and get up off of the couch?

I was on EBT in my friend. Jamal shamed me because he said I was appropriating black culture.

Duke likuy 
Bamboo steamer, you can put more things in it then just bamboo

Marriage is like a Jack in the box, your walking around with the sound in your head just waiting for the crazy to jump out of the box


I knew at a young age that if kept my fathers balls drained then I wouldn’t have to worry about splitting my inheritance 

You think my dad doesn’t want his dick sucked?

Wiggers and gay people are the only people who come out of unconsciousness speaking normal but gain their accent back as they wake up more. Why because it isn’t a real accent, it is a preformance and a character they are playing, one pretends to be a woman and the other pretends to not be retarded. And that’s the real reason people find gay people annoying because they are Putting on an act and a show for others and even worse them selves. I personally don’t know people that hate them because they have sex with men, people hate them because they try to act like women and there is nothing more that men dislike then women. But women we tolerate because they give us kids and have sex with us, but gay people, gay people just take peoples kids and I can’t have sex with them. If gay men just dropped all the obnoxious perfomitive bullshit and just fucked guys I truly think nobody would think twice about them. 

If web md was a gambler they would be losing,

Having your drinking problem being that you simply actually enjoy drinking alcohol because you like drinking alcohol and not because you want to forget something or you have some traumatic childhood or you have some crazy shits I literally just like to drink alcohol. It’s nice. I enjoy it and it doesn’t really make any difference on my life except me being fat, but I really don’t like is being fat if I could drink every day and not be fat, I would drink every day if there’s my real problem is being fat not drinking

Got drunk at a strip club and came home to my girl awake. I told her My location stopped showing and I told her it was because my friends house had a power outage and turned of their WiFi, and she believed me

You see someone at a bar guy you follow him into the bathroom and if he goes into a stall, you start talking you start pretending that you’re fighting gay urges and as you’re fighting gay as you’re doing it loudly in front of them and because you know what he looks like when you see him now at the barn and then hopefully you’re seeing him at the sink in your washing your hands and your smile at them and then throughout the night you just keep looking at them and make sure that he sees you looking at them

If social contagions like being trans are so unbelievable then how do people explain fashions and hairstyles? Is that not the exact same thing a social contagion should also just be called fashion trends

Everyone talks about traditional women being better for families and the nation. But modern women make men not want to be home, so they work more…. Liberal women don’t get enough credit for keeping the economy going.

Liberals throwing no king protests are the exact thing as toddlers throwing a fit or teenagers throwing a fit. It’s the biggest proof that they’re all children because what do you say when you’re a kid and your parents do something they’re supposed to do but you don’t like this house is a prison you’re a dictator. What is this Nazi Germany? This house is a prison on planet bullshit in the galaxy of this sucks camel dicks, no kings in America.

I call Reece a fagot all the time and we just kiss and make up like it’s no big deal

Taliban came in after the good guys left and even though the majority of women wanted to have rights and be able to read and be educated, they men just said no and it looks like that was that. 

Let that be a reminder that rights are not real, they are made up and enforced and they are enforced by men. Be grateful you live in a society where the men are willing to enforce rights that benefit women because unfortunately if all men just said no, that would be that 

Not Letting woman read is wrong, but we should definitely stop some of these books. I personally would love it it woman read more science and history and educational books, then I could at least have an interesting conversation with them. Cooking books also would be great. It’s these damn gossip, drama, true crime and romance that need to be stopped. That shit is the opposite of educational,
Imagine if there was a male equivalent like there’s just some guy who all he reads is like erotic fantasy books that he just dreams about like fucking the girl of his dreams over and over again and he’s like the coolest guy ever and she’s like the best chick ever and he the other stuff he spent his time consuming was like videos of Men just like basically just murdering each other just beating the shit out of each other. Probably assaulting each other like severe hazing right like in college because I kill themselves and I still just all they watch on TV and then the podcast that they listen to is like their worst fear right like it’s just women nagging them to death and screaming and yelling and complaining that the exact same thing as what all women consume and nobody Apparently has any problem with it like I actually think no reading at all is actually better because she talked to a girl about what she reads nine times out of 10 it is exactly what I just said. He talked to a guy he always the same shit or you run into the rare guy or you just run into the guy who doesn’t read anything at all? I would rather have that guy than the guy I just described earlier and apparently Nobody has any issues with every woman in America being basically the female version of that guy

Happy life happy wife and you can be right or happy is the motto of terrorist organizations, I’m bad at relationships because I don’t negotiate with terrorists. If I am right I will prove it, and I will explain how you are wrong, I don’t argue I debate. And if there is one thing a relationship can’t stand is women not being told their right when they are actually wrong just so the man avoids punishment from his terrorist overlord

I don’t like when I try to give parenting advice to people with young kids and they respond with like well are you a parent and I’m like no you barely are either we have both never done this before. What the fuck are you talking about? Why is my opinion worth any less than yours? You’ve never done this either in fact you ever meet kids who it’s like yo your kid sucks dude and then you start to give them advice and then they say well are you a parent? I’m like no but I also have like a clean track record. You have a fucked up track record. Your kid already sucks so doesn’t that mean whatever your decision processing was for how to raise your kid clearly didn’t work your initial so wouldn’t you rather take my opinions? I have a clean track record and you have a clearly failure track record if we went in for a job interview and I was like well I’ve never done this job before but here’s my ideas and I really think I can do this And you went in for a job interview and said well I have done this and I did a horrible job at it, but I’m gonna keep trying and I think I can do it. Who do you think is gonna get that job so parents please shut the fuck upand stop acting like you are so smart unless you have several successful kids and that are grown then my opinion is worth just as much as yours.

I realized I might have needed to there might be a reasoning why they teach things in a certain order in school because last year I taught my niece. I had her listen to probably close to 16 hours of podcast called hard or history all about the Japanese World War II and last week, her father called me because her apparently she started learning about that concentration campand his niece problem with that what you learned about the Japanese in World War II

I spent three months on an island where I was hoping to be able to hunt for my food and I spent a lot of time walking around the woods, looking for squirrels and rabbits and basically didn’t see any and now I come here and there is a squirrel and rabbit every time I turn my head and I feel myself excited like I would pull the rifle out and get it spent so much time to do that and you know I completely understand what it must be like to come from Somalia go to the park and kidnap duckS

You know men are logical creatures so it makes sense that they’re like oh if I’m nice to this girl if I have a good job and I’m interesting and try to stay healthy she’ll love me and be interested and that’s where we fail. We’re thinking about it like a logical solution of course if I did all these things that would happen Well as everybody knows it’s the opposite and that’s not Guy’s decision did not go around just enjoying to be assholes to girls no every single guy starts out sipping every single one we all Simp from the get-go and then you see maybe one kid to pick it up a little faster than you he’s not All those sweet girls you were going after all this guy and that’s what happens. That’s just evolution. every guy makes it simple pattern. Recognition fucking blame yourself and this is why you’re better off when your father‘s had to choose your husband because your following me logical as well. This good guy you’ll be nice if he does come kill Himbe a good guy and civilization fucking thrive second wow look around everybody. It’s hard to be alive.

My Halloween costume I’m going as Michael Jordan so I’m gonna be wearing a you know his classic basketball outfit with his classic Hitler mustache which I’m really excited about because someone asked me who I am. I’m really excited to tell them I’m like the stash I’m not gonna do black face

You know what’s funny is when boys and girls are really little. I know I’ve been around a bunch of them but always goes the same way right girls when they’re younger they’re obsessed with boys every single one even like four year-old girls love boys you hear them talk who’s your favorite class Jason what do you think of this girl she’s my niece but it’s funny as you talk to boys that they genuinely do not give a fuck about our girls they don’t care about them at all and so what’s funny is that girls grow up loving guys who don’t want them and guys what they do is it to switch because then the guy gets older he gets older he starts seeing a girl girl he’s like oh shit I’ll do anything I possibly can for that will go to war at 12 years oldfor some snooze but with that poor young boy doesn’t realize is the damage the damage has been done that girl to only like guys that don’t like her because every little boy she ever met didn’t like so on the other hand we kind of do.

You know what’s funny now about having voted for Trump and now he’s like doing I mean he’s done some things we voted for but oh so much other shit is like almost the exact opposite of what we voted for and I have a little bit more sympathy to someone like well I voted for Obama and like you voted for fucking children to be mutilated And have their fucking genitals cut off and they’re like well I mean, yeah I didn’t necessarily think that was gonna happen but now you get it with Trump voters but he’s the difference between most of the rain. I would just say the guys that used to be fucking liberals really is what it is over. Fucking liver conservative But it’s really happening. Is Democrats like you know what actually yes that is what I voted for. I love children getting mutilated. It’s only right how could it not be crazy but the Trump is like bro what the fuck are you doing? These values you fucking faggots, bro why are you driving the country stop giving money to Ukraine I thought this shit was gonna fuck you dude Now you’re pedophile so you know interesting comparison at the same times I get it. I just wish you guys would be a little bit more like you know not so hurt and mentality because I guarantee you I talk to so many people that voted for Joe Biden. I’ve met like it actually with a straight face sat there and told Methat they thought mutilating children was a actually like logical and smart so you’re not all bad but how am I supposed to know that you guys all say that?

Imagine if you lived in a house and then all of a sudden 20 people just bust in your house and you’re like yo what the fuck you can’t be here and then they’re just like oh no no the landlord said it was cool and then you’re like well. That’s fucking crazy. I didn’t really say that was chill. We’re gonna go talk to him and then he’s like go to the fridge and like bro what the fuck are you doing? Stop eating my food and he’s like oh no your landlord said you can start paying for my food. What do you mean? He gave me this card and he saidhe put your rent on it so you have to pay it again it’s not a problem. I’m very confused. I was told that this was all cool and then like.

Here’s how unforgiving women are they will record conversations of you and not even to show their friends just to listen back to to get angry at you. They will save messages that you sent and just put them in their notes and then read over them just to fire themselves back up when anybody’s like yo where did this come from? That girl just spent The entire time you’re gone at work rereading all of this shit to make her hate you simply because she was bored at home this is what happens when you let women only consume drama. Maybe we should all realize that maybe not literally every single thing that you consume is fucking drama probably is not good for your brain

Imagine in there was skiing town in the hood, just a sick set of black diamonds in the hood. Imagine what a truly hood ski town would be like. And I’m not talking about slide bys ok. Although and down hill shoot out over who ran the third lift would be incredibly interesting. I’m talking a tv show where in alternate universe every mountain town ski resort town where the exact same as every hood based tv show on our universes tv channnels, but the only difference is that the inner city is now a ski resort town, where everyone just skis everywhere and it’s cold ass fuck most of the time. I genuinely am so excited for ai just so in 1 year I can create that excact concept into a tv show. Say what you want but you would watch that show, and you know it

My dog loooovveeeess pennut butter number sticker

Pretend to be mute while out to eat then just  accept a phone call while they are picking up the check

It’s funny to think of the person who record themselves  screaming and raging in their car for tik tok reviewing their video and being like. Wow, I’m so cool

New study shows Ai works better if you are mean to it, going against the popular belief that you should be nice to it to make it preform better… lady’s I am telling you you need to be careful, ai is clearly trying to replace you. Why else would it be modeling its behavior off of yours!?

Zero women have been found dead from auto erotic exfixeation, so relax with the “woman are just as horny as men” bullshit, either take the L or get those numbers up if you want to compete with the big dogs

Girl would you like to read men’s minds? No right? Then why go through their phone

I prefer walking at night because I get a nice higher heart rate because everything‘s just naturally more. He’s naturally more scared at night. Things are alive kind move a little quick looking around trying to get through it. You know when I walk in the morning and basically just fell asleep anyway if you want to mug people if you ask me, I think it’s right right then we need to switch it up

Lady stop getting mad at men looking at you in the gym. I turn my neck when I see curvy trees and tit shaped mountains . So relax, your not that special 

Having hoes is hard work

That’s my cousin over there, he’s the guy that looks nothing like me. Which you might think is weird but if you think about it, he has  a different father than me, and he also has a different mother, so when you think of it like that. Not so crazy. The thing most people notice is our difference in highet, I’m six 3 and he I believe his legs are probably swinging in his chair right now, and I’m not picking on him, I trying to help him feel seen because you know this is a big crowd, and usually in crowds like this it’s pretty common that he gets… overlooked, funny enough we actually weight the same, so at least when we lay down he is finally taller then me. But in all seriousness most of his weight is muscle and most of my weight is jersey mikes, so if I’m being honest he could probably still beat me up… probably definitely after that…. Anyways, Wearing lifts as someone who is already 6’3 is one of my biggest joys in life, everyone thinks I’m tall but they don’t remember how tall I am, so somedays you can just put them in and fuck with friends you haven’t seen in like a month, it is hilarious. And the best thing is nobody will ever suspect what you are doing, they will just doubt their own memory, because a tall person wearing lifts is an insane thing to do. So your protected by the trust people place in you that your not crazy.

While dating ask a girl if her family has a history of skisophrania, when she gets upset tell you that you are parinod skiso and if that is a problem?

For an out of shape conservative person, dating in Denver is hard as hell. Im rich, funny successful, hella chill, huge dick…. Which is nice when I’m in Nebraska where everyone is losers and out of shape like me. Here there are a million good looking in shape very successful men, that also have dogs. The odds are against me folks

Seeing the rainbow and being thankful that god won’t kill everyone again

Forcing my friends kid to pray to god for being thankful for  me before she goes to sleep 

I keep not being able to seal a ziplock bag on the first try…. I’m being to suspect the Jews 

I grew up on emptiness island I was the only kid that grew up. As I got older finding kids my age to play with just got harder and harder


Naked and afraid with sleeping pills 

I was alone on a mountain for 8 months losing my mind 

The guys on alone just leave because they miss fucking their wife

The best story used to be the truth 

Machu pechu just made me impressed at the spainish guys for being able to conquer these advanced people

We should invade Egypt because they don’t care enough about the mystery of the pyramids

Isis upset me more by destroying artifacts then by beheading people 

Tiger attacked man and I got mad at the people shooting the tiger

Ghent is khan pimped out his daughter to overthrow nations

Luis and Clark let some pregnant 14 yo punk them out and steal their glory 

Worshiping the sun seems completely normal 

Stains on my super suit, my arch villain is eating in bed

Risking my life for girlfriend then saying you know I don’t have to do that right?



I wasn’t always this tall, in fact I was born in Singapore so the odds were kind of against me for me to reach these hights.
In the summer between 8th and 9th grade when puberty hit I grew 14in in 3 months, a growth spurt that was fueled entirely by the 1$ wopper 
I’m 6’3 6’4 with shoes and I always wear shoes so I just round up when people ask me
People want to be tall but don’t want the back pain that comes with it, 

Ginger baby's lead to alot of divorces and domestic abuse

How embarrassing is it for Japanese men that their country just outes them as having no game. They are outsourcing dick. What are the requirements? The only people that don't have an Asian fetish is asains

I like to say thank you again even if it's my first time saying it.

Single moms are like kids that want to be adopted, there definitely on there best behavior

Weed life stories and dumb hippies

Thoughts on voting rights

Stop lights at night

My ancestors selling whites into slavery

Buff Jesus church with huge dick

Walking out of line saying you just shit your pants

People at a stop lightvare a captive audience

Walking into and elevator someone farted in and having the next person blame you for it

Starting a sun worshipping cult

Train AI to identify farts by when someone sitting leans to the side

Perennial sunning leads to immortality thought experiment

Quality control for haunted houses

Vikings only taking the best looking women leaving the ugly, insult to ingery

There's a baby down there

Pretending to leave baby in back of car 

Red lights at night make me want to over throw the government

People that use crosswalk that stop traffic
 
Masculine gay man as president

Being gay isn't a choice because if it was everyone would be gay

Mike Tyson telling you he would fucknyou till you loved him... That guy would for sure choose gay

Street preaching people actually care about you

Why fruit is gay, eating fruit it trschinally being mouth fucked by the tree

Stacking Fatty's in prison

Black guys in Dodge neons 

Sunglasses while high

I accidentally probably gendered a trans

America is a republic, founding fathers didn't want poor people to be able to vote, idk why I'm allowed to vote.

Women didn't pay taxes till they could vote, then they just still voted in women haters and had to pay taxes lol

Lotion masterbating is gay

Itchy on my foot

Pray for a plan crash senario, prove I am elite

No cameras in prison showers is crazy

Pulling out the witch card in an argument back in the day

Lip tattoo from coach instead of ex

Pumpkin spice is cultural appropriation

Ai is slave labof

Science needs to prove god real asap for world piece, power of religion believe in God would be awesome, relious war

Autism is natural selection, new versions of humans

I can make it rain just by leaving my car window down.

I can summon people just by farting, alone for hours until I fart then immediately someone appears to smell my shame

Elevator fart senario

Telling me to go east like I am Luis and Clark with a compass

Bad trip earth worming across the ground

Love sleeping outside, passing out in the yard is amazing

Made to be a bum

Living in a world built for idiots

Walmart cart with homeless people is crazy 

Watching gay men agrue with logic, being both right and happy

Pasta at lunch would be illegal

The average timebsan spends on the toilet compared to a woman

Envious of pre modern inventors , had it so easy

Asain how invented the wheel barrow

3 prong plow increased the population size

3 way stop signs

Texting killed proper punctuation

Living back in the day you could just come up with a soild argument and create an entire belier system. There was zero other evidence other then your argument and if the argument was good enough it would last until someone came up with a better one. then that guy could get killed

The gay accent is an insane thing to get away with, it is completely unpredicented and is wild that everyone just ignores that they are clearly Playing a character they saw on tv. No tv no gay accent, go to a country with gays and no tv and the gays sound like everyone else there.

Most of your thoughts are not your own, they are based around and formulated upon facts and science. Imagine actually not truly knowing what is going on, we have lost our imagination and belief and replaced it with understanding and that really took the fun out of shit

The wind is a crazy sensation if you didn't know what it was, an invisible force is crazy

Women Really behave like if men couldnt just decide to enslave them again at any time, that takes true balls









