Idk if you’ve heard but the birth rates in Japan are so low that they…
---
Idk if you’ve heard but the birth rates in Japan are so low that they are offering breading visas to the any foreigners who will come and have a baby in their country.

Which if you think about it isss so disrespectful to the men of Japan. Imagine how embarrassing that is as a Japanese man, your government just announced to the entire world that you and your friends all get zero pussy.

 A gobal PSA that you have no game and no hoes. And that they have so little faith in your ability to ever even get pussy that they are now actually taking action to make sure that your lack of game doesn't end up causing a country ending national crisis.

They are literally outsourcing dick. Imagine you had a job and your boss just put out a billboard for everyone to see saying "James can't get pussy, and we are looking for people who can" then a bunch of guys from a different city come in and fuck all the coworkers you have been trying to fuck for years but couldnt. 

If that happened to me I would burn that God damn place to the ground. 

Japan honestly better watch out, I mean wtf where they thinking, what is the best case scenario here? Abunch of non locals move to Japan and impregnate the women? That might result in way more deaths then it results in baby's.

I mean Japanese men are not well known for their ability to handle public shame and humiliation....they think they have a high suicide rate now? 
.
Just wait till those honorable samurai worriers are watching everygirl they have ever liked getting creampied by outsiders. It is going to be a blood bath. This policy could end in a mass suicide like the world has never seen, they might drop a nuke on them selves. To honor their pussy getting annestors.

 I will say tho that after hearing that I did come down with a heavy case of white savior complex.

apparently the only people that don't have an Asian fetish is asains.





It kind of the opposite from what happened with the my ancestors the Vikings. The scandanvian women are voted the most desirable and attractive in the world according to yearly global surveys. 

The reason for that is actually pretty funny. Most people don’t know this but The Vikings used to only take the attractive women when they would go raping and pillaging through Europe. 

Which is hilarious, I mean imagining through a brutal and truamatic raid where you watch all the men that provided the food, labor, shelter and protection your whole life just get hacked to death and your village burned down.

Then your just standing in a line and some blood covered invaders walks up to you and goes “ew gross”.

Talk about giving insult to injury. 

Funny enough because of that women in raided lands created a practice of dressing nice, doing palates and putting on make up while their men where busy fighting for women who never tired to look so nice during their whole marriage 



Single moms are like kids that want to be adopted, there on there best behavior when your meeting them but once they are back home with you you start to realize why their parents abandoned them

