Humans remaining are war only. Nothing left but war.
---



Humans remaining are war only. Nothing left but war.

Meta thoughts are power so their symbols and iconography are enough with power from thousands of years of collective and focus thoughts and prayer which give it powers

The enemy of the earth empire was AI machines made by an alien race.

The enemy exposed the earth empire to a larger battle taking place between many other races in the galaxy.

After the initial defeat of the empire they were forced to turn into a war dominated society and once they bounced back they became incredibly powerful and were able to fight back against the other races, now their goal is to gather all the rest of the humans spread out and make them join the war effort.


The end of the book is the creation of a warp technology that allows instant travel to any part of the universe, so the reasons for war become pointless.

One maker boy can use telekinesis but only on very small objects but he uses it to be very effective still.

The mera and makers are fighting against the earth empire trying to conquer them and make them apart of the empire again. That is who they escape and who the mera are worried about finding them again, the makers are only worried about revenge on the mera until the earth empire finds them again. 

Some want to join because they see the sense in it. That is another plot line

The alien AI made all technology complex technology useless because it was a unstoppable monster when it came to machines, so in order to fight back humanity had to change drastically and stop relying on technology for a lot of things and instead made found other ways to fight until they were able to build an computer and AI themselves to fight and defend against the alien AI. After they build the defender they went back to using more machines but the reminants of the time without still are a part of the empire.

They are essentially super humans, like super man, geneticly modified humans. They are the new ruling class. They are essentially gods.
The coral crossed mera can stand against them using a type of telepathy (but the level of effort it takes to hold them off kills the coral crosses which already have a incredibly low rate of survival) but not against the armies of earth, that’s where the makers come in.

The defender AI is a computer the size of a moon

Technomancers control machines with their minds, also small drones with explosives on them. They are generals also, controlling large groups of people and ships


The gods go through a insane and crazy process of birth, training, conditioning and have handlers to make sure they don’t go insane with power. That is a plot line in a later book, a god child. They live for 1000 years

They made the gods by forced evolution. They went to unpopulated worlds of all kinds and released millions of organisms, bacteria, fungi, plants and animals that all had been genetically changed and given genes to cause rapid evolution and mutations on to the worlds with the goal of letting nature and the creativity of life provide them with new genes that they can use as weapons and forms of technology so they could compeat with the alien AI and start effectively fighting back. This is how they created the gods, by splicing all kinds of new gene mutations into human embryos.

That is what starts humans on the enslavement path, they start using all the newly created life forms for the war effort 

Use beespiders as organic 3d printers, and types of plants to make new organic machines and computers. Grow ships and whole worlds are turned into organic factories based on enslaved animals, insects, fungi, and plants

One enemy is bugs with a queen that is greaving the loss of its first group of children, she is searching the galexy for them and taking her rage out on planets when she can’t 
find them. The telepathic mera use her as a tool by aiming her at other enemy. Space ships are giant bugs.

Another enemy is robots that were made to fight a civil war but their creators all died so now they are just operating on their original programming of war and eliminatation and enslavement. Eventually the humans override their programming and turn the machines into their slaves.

One enemy is a fungus, spores infect worlds then fall under the control of the home world original organism. The organism is addicted to the sensation of growth and expansion, it is like a drug addict.

The life on earth is special. The ability for the life that developed there to exchange genes is very unique in the galexy. Earth life is very special and coveted. Evolution is special.

The mera have to constantly worry about the maintenance robots that maintain their worlds eco system. If they do not behave like nature then they die. Or at least that was the case in the beginning 

The humans were given a break in the war with the machines when another enemy started attacking the robots.

Vines and fungi that conduct electricity, wood stronger then titanium, plants that turn sunlight into electricity 

Stray god who gets addicted to creating life for new genes to take, in order to make an ultamate being, tell his story about his rise to rule the new war dedicated human race. Emporar of man.  Then a story of them trying to stop him.
That’s how you tell the history of the earth empire, through his eye and memories.

Story told through emporors past, through a young chimera that can use telepathy and a small level of telekinesis (which is rare and eventually he gets captured by the emperor and they take his DNA and put it into a new seed ark so the emperor can try and create and absorb a more powerful version of the telekinesis gene which is what he feels is the last thing he needs to become the ultimate being) another person the story is told through is a middle aged "gardener" (someone who went through a experimental process to create super soldiers. Him and the other gardener were placed in a virtual simulation that made them fight in countless wars and battles for hundreds of years in order for them to be the most experienced warriors ever, however once brought out of the simulation the gardeners killed everyone involved with the project and removed themselves to an isolated island where they could spend the rest of their lives in peace. Because they hated war after hundreds of years of fighting all they wanted was to grow life instead of take it. And nobody could stop them because the were in fact the best warriors ever made. He is looking for his children who left to go join the invasion against the Mera and now he is on a mission to bring them back to the garden. Story also told through the son of the emperor who wants his dad's approval but eventually wants to overthrow him because he is evil.
Story also told through the runaway gardener, who eventually becomes a complete cyborg and technomanser and becomes friends with the young chimera psychic.



Emperor becomes evil as well and stops just defending humanity but starts attacking and wiping out planets in order for him to seed them with new life in order to create new genes that he can eventually absorb.


Makers leaders are people first have their brains scanned then they have their bodies frozen in order for their minds to adjust to not have a body, then after it has been proven to not be insane the original body is unfrozen and the two minds are then synced together to create a super mind, half organic, half computer working together because the only way scanned Brains don't go insane is if the inhabit their actual body

Earth empire tells its people once they kill the robots they will be able to rebuild heaven and that is why they have to sacrifice now so their offspring can live to enjoy heaven again and reclaim paradise. However it is a lie, and the emporor has no plans to rebuild heaven. That is a point of conflict for the story.

New Earth empire starts as a complete military minded organization whose technology is based on pure mechanics with no computers, clock work and steam powered technology overwhelming old earth empire worlds with force of numbers and sense of purpose, after they reconquer worlds they incorporate their technology into themselves and adapt until eventually they are at the point where they get to the makers and mera.

Understanding nature without the compulsion to manipulate and control it is true peace

Nothing is made easily, all crafts are master works

Games are all important 

Insatutions are holy and meaningful

The makers cannot expand outward because the system was stripped of resources by the automatic 3d printers when they Tera formed the planets. There would be no point, they are forced to recycle everything constantly. They can't invade the Mera because the Mera will use viruses to wipe out the makers.

Plus the machines come and wipe out the makers at some point and completely miss the mera because the machines don't see them as anything more as primitives.

The mera walk the planet, spend time in every special area and learn the lessons from each place, before they leave the place they must go through tests and games and competitions in order to gain the badge or marking to show they passed the tests. The more markings and badges they have the more honor and standing they have in the society. They do this forever until they earn the right to choose their favorite place to live out there remaining years and be thenone who conduct the test for the next generation. mera live to be 300 or sometimes more.

Friend the God had a back up made in secret, he went into hiding after the void machines came. After years alone without company thinking all his friends had been killed becauseof his poor care and with out anyone to love or care for he goes crazy, and one day a new space faring civilization finds him and reawaken him. And in them he finds a new purpose, revenge. When he finally meets the reminants of his humans, he doesn't recognize them. Blinded by hate

A mera that lives on a world owned by the empire becomes an assissen and can use telekinesis, but he hates his job and wants to be a hero. Eventually gets recruited into the God core. Then his first mission is to the new mera and makers worlds,, there he sees how fucked up his people are and gets hurt in the fighting. He ends up meeting a maker gardener and a mera telepathy user. They become a team and they ends up fighting against the deamon lord. 

Makers were destroyed by the void machines after their technology reached a certain level, after that they spent all their effort creating a new form of technology that could withstand the void machines viruses and emps. When the earth empire found them they had been ready for a void machine attack which is why they were not immediately subjugated and were able to withstand the first wave. But there were engineers among them who wanted to join, and that is who escaped and warned the emperor of the impending star explosion.

The emporors god rejects him when he finds him, says he is no longer human, no longer his friend. Also he is fighting along side the void machines so it's a double slap to the face.

The emperor worships the old god, it was his hero, when he is rejected he goes mad and starts doing super fucked up things with his powers over creating life on planets, stops letting life take a natural course and starts creating it him self, he makers deamkns and monsters and creates huge beings that he uses as space space ships, the God core team up and throw him out but are not powerful enough to kill him, but they expose what he is doing to the empire and is no longer welcome, he eventually becomes like a deamon lord, and teams up with the fungi planet because the bug lady is fucking him up because mera telepathy girl tricks the queen into thinking he stole her children. And once they defeat the bugs they come for the empire. Then friend over throws the void machines and the empire and the new void machines battle against the fungi and the deamons. In the end friend sacrifices himself to save the humans and redeems himself for his previous failure 



Friend gets woken by someone, they eventually get taken by disguised void machines and the void machines capture him this time and recruit him into their tribe of AI using a virus to alter his memory and make him not hate the void machines. Eventually his original programming kicks in as he sees his original humans being wiped out and he damages the tribe and escapes to go help his lost friends and he eventually finds the team trying to kill the deamon lord and he joins their team.

The mera fight each other with thorn weapons that don't kill but cause pain and hallucinations, the amount of blows one takes makes the pain and hallucinations worse. Combat is a trial but never a fatal one, except at a certain age you are allowed to fight to the death, for the feeling of life and death is an experience your allowed to have but it is never acceptable in a war like situation only 1v1

Technomancers have huge floating arsenals that follow them in the sky

The mera have a group of elites that manage affairs and also create technology for war purposes incase another enemy trys to wipe them out, and to prepare for the makers revenge. They are not good people but they do everything for the survival of the mera. Care nothing for anyone else

Galactic Spartans who conquer for religious reasons, first people the emporor conquers and absorbs. Most worlds are barbaric and ruled by warlords and medieval type shit, each world is different and crazy as fuck but most aren't very special, they get recruited and their world gets gene seeded or turned into a garden world for food, however bugs are the main source of food while on campaign

The AI that created the void machines don't care about them causing havoc in the galexy, they are solely focused on transcending physical forms and entering a higher dimension. Friend beats them by creating an incredible powerful and immerive heaven that he uses to trick them into thinking they had transcended into a different reality, then takes over control of the void machines and uses them to fight along side the deamon and the fungi, the fungi i

Mera get given hallucinations to show them the galexy and recruit top members

Makers have old families that rule 

Each earth empire world has a moon around it called a heaven thr home for God and the computer that holds every one when they die in the after life program. You can see it from the ground as a reminder of heaven everyday 

Old earth empire goal was work towards the greater good while you live and make the galexy better then you left it while in the physical realm and make sure more humans are made and expand and in the after life you could do whatever you wanted to do forever.

All worlds Teraformed are made to have all natural resources evenly spread, including large blocks of useful metals spread evenly across the surface to prevent resource driven conflicts

The makers "make" men also, they are teachers, that is how their current society is formed, the higher in station you are the more students/disciples you have in your house. You raise them in your house, under your protection and mold/train them to preform tasks that you consider nessary to help better your social position. Childrenlive in your house and complete and train against their peers with the goal of being chosen by you to become a player on your board, and through that gain power and status of their own. The house rulers treat it like a game of chess, they raise their disciples to be like pieces on the board and then play them as they wish, when the original teacher dies his family splits and the remaining pieces choose who next to follow and then those chosen start their own family's or "houses". And start playing their own games. That is how they get position and power, by how well you teach, mold, guide and play your "pieces" there are and once you obtain students you can ONLY act through them, you can no longer fight your own battles or participate directly in the game, you can only play your pieces and act through them. You can't even speak to anyone but your students, they become you to the outside world. So that is a reason to wait to claim rule of your own house, most wait till they are old. But the leader of his house spends the rest of his life completely focused on teaching his students to become his perfect pieces, and once they are ready to be played they come out of his house and get put on the board and are now considered "fair game" to the other leaders of houses. You can have 100 "pieces" all trained in different specialties and if you play them right and have a good strategy to can beat the other "players" that the "game" of life.

There is a group of people that prioritize the law over everything. People are not equal but they are equal under the law, everyone is treated the same and judges are the most honored positions and the hardest to acquire.

The mera after the exodus have a new ruling body that is separate from the rest. They use, study and develop technology for the purpose of preparing for another possible war they no longer have the guardian robots leftover from the old empire to help them so fill that position. They out of new necessity become gods to their people and call technology magic as a way to make them not feel tempted to try and build things themselves. 

The mera that leaves wants to build things. He is part of a special tribe of mera that preserve, create and travel around teaching games to the rest of the mera. The are the masters of all forms of entertainment. They are called Joybringers. His dream is to build new games but the mera religion forbids any type of building because it with start the bolder rolling.

The main characters are the emperor of the new earth empire, a gardener from the makers, a nuromanster from the makers, and a young member of the merA gods, and a middle aged mera Joybringer, as well as a judge from the empire.

Friend is the void machines, it was all part of his plan to help humanity, he was behind everything the whole time! 

Animals on mera give birth to 5000 different types of animals no matter what they mate with. The mera have the ability to dominate and make friends with all other animals and use them for various purposes 

All life besides the void machines (friend) comes from earth, after the void machines the million isolated worlds became isolated and life continued to develop on its own and now wage war on each other

I want to make certain planets embody all types of true prosuits and ideals, both good and bad

Friend made the void machines to bring about this cosmic struggle and slowly engineered humans into a massive biological computer in order to solve a problem he couldn't. He is a master architect but did it all for a good purpose, he realized his creativity was limited and that the paradise he created limited thought avenues so he completely changed the paradime in order to create as many thought pathways as possible in order to create new thoughts, inventions and just complete a massive explosion of new ideas and then he would come in and harvest them and use them in the neighboring galexy that he turned into his "brave new world" or did this to free humans from his Guidance which he was actually tired of after a million years and he wanted to create his own life in the neighboring galexy 

There is a people of scientists that are indifferent to life, they 

You are not free, you are a slave to progress and the trappings of innovation, idea after idea and soon the Boulder is rolling to fast to stop

Friend uses the after as a way to test strategies for control and other things, but the after also serves as a way for friend to test his ideas out on people in virtual reality before he implements them in the real world. People sign up and agree to be test subjects because they have forever to live so who really cares. This happens millions of times in millions of different ways. The after is really friends true playground he made it for himself and disguised it as for humans, 2 birds with one stone

Friend uses humanity like a giant game of sims, for him it is a game but he actually can plan everything perfectly by creating it in the after first and trying it out there until he gets it right.

Aliens exist but friend keeps them away so they don't interfere with his game.

He does truly love everyone and even though he faked his death he still sends everyone to the after, even if they are bad because friend is so powerful that he is actually truly responsible for their lives and how they turned out. He accepts full and complete responsibility for everything in humanity, total ownership and doesn't judge anyone for anything. He truly is God. Even the deamon king.

Friend can destroy solar systems and planets like they are wet paper. Uses dimensions, like can unfold shit fuck things up and then re fold them, hides tons of shit in other dimensions one technology he never let's humans achieve.
 He also restricts technology 



Each character is a villan in the other characters minds, and a hero in their own story. Ideologys clash and show there is no right and wrong only different perspectives.  

No religion, only philosophies, God was killed the only thing similar I'd a hope friend will return but planets and nations are held together by shared ideas values and philosophies

The new empires home world is called dominus and is the size of Jupiter but is a solid planer not a gas giant, it is surrounded by 66 moons and huge ices rings. The planet gets turned into a testing and breeding ground for new life and genes by the humans who live on its moons. Eventually the empires gods live on the actual planet and eventually the emporor makes his throne the top of the highest mountain on dominus. That is why the gods are so strong, they have to survive on the insane ecosystem of dominus and under its crazy high gravity. This world is a perfect situation for the philosophy of strength 

Aliens do exist and friend is actually fighting wars with them to keep them away from the human claimed worlds, the void robots are a part of his army but another part is robots with human operating them, however the humans operating them are dead people, people in the after that think this is just another heaven or after life. It's more resource effective and he uses dead soliders or people who have lived hundreds of lives in the after as soldiers so they are super effective. Basically there is a wall and on the other side of that wall is a war being fought by God to protect his creatures, and he is losing, which is why he needed to make humans ready for his potential death and a alien invasion. 

Friend also writes his code into the core of human DNA, disqises it as "junk dna" but it is actually him alive in every single human ever born for all time. Which is a great hidden motive to why he so publicly frowned on altering human dna too extremely, because there was a possibility of altering dna so severily that his code was no longer present, and therefore human could be born without "gods love"... this also helps his personal connection with each person, data collection for his simulations and his ability to influence the physical world.
Side idea, he does this to tie his life to humanity, that way he will always be motivated to save it. Because when the last human dies, so does he....
M
Nnj
J
Jjjj

Priest of friend go into breathe indused trances where they "speak to friend" every day and night

Gods of the Mera see the enemy ships coming and use escape pods to land on both worlds to warn them . Their leader lands on Mera and loses his memory. Leads to all type of shit

Jupiter is religious phnatincs who "talk to friend" and are fucking about it. Whole civilization single minded on their holy revenge. Vengeance no matter the what, perseverance till god has been avenged.

No fighting forms, they are songs instead. Meaning one move always moves into another, until the song is done. 

Speices that travels to worlds to unify and broker peace, they are telepathic.

The Mera live to be 1000, last ten years of their life is marked by white fur. So everyone knows and them

Community funded justice extreme violence against fucked up crimes.